Hello again, you in front of all the people in this video going to add more awesome.
I want to add some audio specifically.
I want some music and some feedback for the player.
Let's improve our player experience by really rewarding the plan for some actions in our case, scoring
a goal.
So two things don't happen.
One, when the ball is is kicked.
We want a wooden block noise.
And two, when a goal is scored, I want an air hole.
So let's jump together.
And the first thing we do is sort out the music.
Now, this level is restarting.
If I restart the level, I will restart the music.
So instead of doing that, I won't make a Brenna's sing with a custom note.
And that's going to be an audio stream player.
Doesn't need to deal 3D because it has no position information.
And I want to look inside my my SFX.
We have a home.
We have Domino's Pizza, something cat.
And we have Frog Moco three.
This piece of music is we'll be putting in original play that.
So I quite enjoy that.
I wanna make sure that this is Lupin's.
We got to import its martyrs' looping if has not on loop is yours.
Take that.
And then remember Musk plus re-import.
If he don't press re-import, the changes in this window won't change.
OK.
I will take that off playing and put it on auto play and I'm going to save this as background music
player or BGM.
And let's save you.
So save and let's put it in your folder.
Music.
Our music player who normally nominated Project Settings and I want to also load this, will we to auto
load.
I want to press to find.
Go to the foliage made for music background music player.
And it it's enabled.
It's ready to go.
So when I start the game.
Should have some music, huh?
Let's just look what happens.
We score one.
To be to get rid of this toothless prince and three.
And then we play him.
And it resets without.
Without switching the music, so it's nice, seamless experience.
That's the music.
OK, let's play the air home.
When a goal is scored.
So to do that as a child of game, I want to add another audio stream player and no positional information.
We don't need it.
The position information will be relative to the current camera.
And frankly, this is throughout the game.
So here I want the air horn.
Let's just listen to that.
Now, this one is looping, and I don't want it to be stuck at the import tunnel loop and re-import
and now and play it.
It just plays once, we do not want this Stalter play.
I might change the volume a little bit.
We'll see how it goes, but I'm pretty happy with that.
OK, so save that.
And now rename audio stream player to.
Our home is called to our home.
And let's just get to the script.
This is nice and easy when we score a goal, which is on gold sector, on gold detector body entered.
We don't need line like the print plan that's going away.
Public school.
And we're going to.
Play the air home, so our home dalts play great.
Let's see how that works.
I mean, not bad.
Right.
I'm a turn that time around.
I think that's a little bit too long.
Where did you go, timer?
You can't.
Five seconds to be three seconds.
OK, one final thing we'll do is the bowl.
So let's jump into the bowl, fold it and open the scene.
And that's going to need an audio stream player.
Now, if you want, you can give this 3-D positioning thing.
It'll be, as I say, relative the camera.
You can also use audio stream player, which will just sound like background music.
I'm going to put it on audio stream player because I don't really need the positional information.
With that done, we need to now put the sound in.
So let's go to SFX and we have frog.
OK, three.
Just play that.
In my version, it's not looping because I have been playing with these just double check the import.
Make sure that loop is off and re-import if you need to.
OK.
So how are we going to play this when it needs to happen?
So do is use our own body entered Noga and bring it in.
Okay, so we are bringing in the body.
Right.
So what we can do is ask if body is kinematic body.
And it's not a boy.
It's a body.
OK.
What does this mean if the thing that has just entered our collision shape is a kinematic body?
This keyword is.
Means the next thing is a node type.
So if it's a type of of a certain node, then audio stream player dot play.
And let's just double check that your setup correctly and see how that works.
Now, you might notice this doesn't work straight away because I can't hit the ball.
Why not?
Because if you're gonna be detecting signals like that in your kinematic body, I did just say to do
this.
So I'm not doing my mistake, which is to make sure we're actually monitoring it.
Right.
If we're not monitoring it, it won't look out for signals.
So we need that.
And how many are you going to report?
Just one.
Just one of the latest one.
And as I do this, I need to be very careful because I've said contact most one.
It's constantly been touching the floor, almost constant.
So whenever you hear it.
So let's just up this about three.
I'm also put continuous detection.
So it's always to be checking.
So it is moving very fast.
It will still catch it.
So let's see how it sounds.
Sounds pretty good.
Now, we do have this right.
The sounds can have a very close together.
So what we could do is stop them from overlapping and to do that.
I could just add something here.
So if what is kinematic body and not audio stream player DOT is playing?
Then Plitt, so let's just make sure that we don't get it done.
Some stuff doesn't repeat itself, but that it's the audio in our game, including feedback when you
score goals, quite possibly by yourself.
She hands through two different things.
But look at that.
We now have a game with some very cool sounds, some very fun music.
I do like that tune and I'm really happy with that song.
Almost no.
The section just a little bit more to do.
And we'll do that in the next video.
So excellent.
Look, and I'll see you then.